okay so now the next job we need to do is remove
the skin so we're gonna go from the tail to the
head and the way we do this is we put our knife
right down to the flesh and we simultaneously
move the flesh and move the knife at the same time
all the way up trying to keep all the flesh intact
and none of it on the skin so let's go ahead and
try now because of my knife and my knuckles I want
to do this over the edge of the table so we're
just going to start we tend to lose a little bit
of flesh here just in the end but I need to grab
something and I like to use a paper towel here so
what I want to do is get the paper towel in and
again like I said get a good grip and then both
of these should be moving just nice and smooth
just like butter and as I'm moving them both
you're going to see it just goes right to the end
so when I pull this away this should show that all
of the skin is right here and there's absolutely
no flesh on it right from the tail to the head